Fix exporter, support multiple authentication methods and refactoring (#2)
scrapy-plugins/scrapy-feedexporter-azure-storage: README.md

# Azure Exporter for Scrapy

> scrapy_azure_exporter is a Python package which can be used in integration with scrapy for exporting feeds to Azure Storage.
> ## Description:
> The scrapy_azure_exporter takes inspiration from the built-in feed exporters in scrapy. The built-in exporters doesn't have support for Azure yet.
> So this scrapy_azure_exporter can be used whenever when we need the feeds to be exported to Azure Blob storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Scrapy feed export storage backend](https://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#storage-backends) for [Azure Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/).
```

- No need to have a separate description section, the first paragraph(s) should be the description.
- The shorter, the better.

> ## Getting started:

Reviewer: I think we can remove the “Getting Started” header, and instead make the nested headers a higher level.

> ### Installation:

Reviewer: Headers should not end in a colon (I realize this comes from the original content).

```suggestion
### Installation
```

```bash

> > pip install git+https://github.com/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-feedexporter-azure-storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install git+https://github.com/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-feedexporter-azure-storage
```

```
### Usage:

> * Add scrapy_azure_exporter to spider's settings.
> ```python
> "FEED_STORAGES" : {'azure': 'scrapy_azure_exporter.AzureFeedStorage'}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add this storage backend to the [FEED_STORAGES](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#std-setting-FEED_STORAGES) Scrapy setting. For example:
```python
# settings.py
FEED_STORAGES = {'azure': 'scrapy_azure_exporter.AzureFeedStorage'}
```
```

* Provide authentication for Azure account via any of the three methods specified in the configuration section.
```python 
For example, "AZURE_CONNECTION_STRING": "Connection string for the Azure account"

> ```

Reviewer: What if we describe here the authentication parameters, and rename the Configuration section as Additional options, and cover only things not covered here?

- `FEED_STORAGES` - For using our scrapy_azure_exporter. It's a scrapy built-in setting and we can provide values according to the scrapy docs. ([Ref](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#feed-storages)) 
- `FEEDS` - This is a scrapy setting and it should be a dict. It can be used to enable `scrapy_azure_exporter`. It's key should contain the Azure URI with the following format: `"azure://<account_name>.blob.core.windows.net/<container_name>/<file_name.extension>"`. The value of this key should be feed_options and this scrapy_azure_exporter supports the following feed_options. For more details on feed_options, see ([Docs](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#std-setting-FEEDS)). 
  - `overwrite` - Boolean value. It's worth mentioning that `overwrite=False` can only be provided when `blob_type="AppendBlob"`. For more info, see ([Understanding blob types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/understanding-block-blobs--append-blobs--and-page-blobs))
  - `format` - Built-in scrapy feed formats ([Ref](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#topics-feed-format)) 

>   - `blob_type` - The Azure Blob Types. This can be `"AppendBlob"`, `"BlockBlob"`, or `"PageBlob'`. Default is `"BlockBlob"`. ([Ref](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-pageblob-overview?tabs=dotnet))

Reviewer: I think we should refactor this section:
- Move the authentication part to the authentication step of Usage, above.
- No need to cover `FEED_STORAGES` beyond what is already covered under Usage.
- Turn this section into “Supported feed options”, explaining which options of `FEEDS` are supported, which are not, and which depends on something.

# Azure Exporter for Scrapy
[Scrapy feed export storage backend](https://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#storage-backends) for [Azure Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/).

## Requirements:
- Python 3.8

> - Pipenv

Reviewer: The minimum Python version is worth mentioning in the README. Maybe keep the Requirements section and only remove Pipenv?

```
## Usage
* Add this storage backend to the [FEED_STORAGES](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#std-setting-FEED_STORAGES) Scrapy setting. For example:
```python
# settings.py
FEED_STORAGES = {'azure': 'scrapy_azure_exporter.AzureFeedStorage'}
```

> * Provide [Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/overview/azure/storage-blob-readme?view=azure-python) for Azure account via any of the following settings.
>   - `AZURE_CONNECTION_STRING` 
>   - `AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL_WITH_SAS_TOKEN`
>   - `AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL` & `AZURE_ACCOUNT_KEY` - If using this method, specify both of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure [authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/overview/azure/storage-blob-readme?view=azure-python) via any of the following settings:
  - `AZURE_CONNECTION_STRING` 
  - `AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL_WITH_SAS_TOKEN`
  - `AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL` & `AZURE_ACCOUNT_KEY` - If using this method, specify both of them.
```

> ```python 
> For example,
> AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL = "https://<your-storage-account-name>.blob.core.windows.net/"
> AZURE_ACCOUNT_KEY = "Account key for the Azure account"
> ```

Reviewer: “For example” should be outside the code block, and you should make sure it and the code block are nested within the bullet point where they should (I am not 100% sure that my suggestion does).

```suggestion
  For example:
  ```python 
  AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL = "https://<your-storage-account-name>.blob.core.windows.net/"
  AZURE_ACCOUNT_KEY = "Account key for the Azure account"
  ```
```

> * Add Azure URI of the location (the location where the feed needs to be exported) to the FEEDS dictionary. Reference: [FEEDS](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#feeds)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure in the [FEEDS](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#feeds) Scrapy setting the Azure URI where the feed needs to be exported.
```

Same about aligning the code example below within the bullet point here.

```
## Usage
* Add this storage backend to the [FEED_STORAGES](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#std-setting-FEED_STORAGES) Scrapy setting. For example:
    ```python
    # settings.py
    FEED_STORAGES = {'azure': 'scrapy_azure_exporter.AzureFeedStorage'}
    ```
* Configure [authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/overview/azure/storage-blob-readme?view=azure-python) via any of the following settings:
  - `AZURE_CONNECTION_STRING` 
  - `AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL_WITH_SAS_TOKEN`
  - `AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL` & `AZURE_ACCOUNT_KEY` - If using this method, specify both of them.
  
  For example,
  ```python 
  AZURE_ACCOUNT_URL = "https://<your-storage-account-name>.blob.core.windows.net/"
  AZURE_ACCOUNT_KEY = "Account key for the Azure account"
    ```
* Configure in the [FEEDS](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#feeds) Scrapy setting the Azure URI where the feed needs to be exported.

    ```python
    FEEDS = {
        "azure://<account_name>.blob.core.windows.net/<container_name>/<file_name.extension>": {
            "format": "json"
        }
    }
    ```

> ## Supported feed options
>  - The below feed options are supported. See their usage and details [here](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#feeds).
>    - format
>    - encoding
>    - fields
>    - item_classes
>    - item_filter
>    - indent
>    - item_export_kwargs
>    - overwrite
>    - store_empty
>    - uri_params
>    - batch_item_count
>  - The following ones are specific to this storage backend.
>    - `overwrite` - Default is `False`
>    - `blob_type` - The Azure Blob Types. This can be `"AppendBlob"` or `"BlockBlob"`. Default is `"BlockBlob"`. (See [Understanding blob types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/understanding-block-blobs--append-blobs--and-page-blobs))
>    - The feed_options `overwrite` and `blob_type` can be used in combination to serve different modes.
>      - `overwrite=False` and `blob_type="BlockBlob"`
>        - Create the blob if it does not exist. If it already exists, the `azure.core.exceptions.ResourceExistsError` exception will be raised.
>      - `overwrite=False` and `blob_type="AppendBlob"`
>        - Append the blob if it exists (The blob to which you're appending should be an AppendBlob). If it doesn't exist, create it. 
>      - `overwrite=True` and any `blob_type`
>        - overwrite the blob, even if it exists. However, blobs can only be overwritten if the blob_type remains same. For example. you can overwrite a `BlockBlob` by `BlockBlob` only.
>  - The `postprocessing` feed option is currently unsupported.

Reviewer: :lipstick: 

Since all options should be supported unless specified otherwise, and the lack of support for `postprocessing` is a bug, I think we can simplify this section, e.g.

```suggestion
## Write mode and blob type

The `overwrite`
[feed option](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/feed-exports.html#feed-options)
is `False` by default when using this feed export storage backend.

An extra feed option is also provided, `blob_type`, which can be `"BlockBlob"` 
(default) or `"AppendBlob"`. See 
[Understanding blob types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/understanding-block-blobs--append-blobs--and-page-blobs).

The feed options `overwrite` and `blob_type` can be combined to set the write
mode of the feed export:

- `overwrite=False` and `blob_type="BlockBlob"` create the blob if it does not 
  exist, and fail if it exists.
- `overwrite=False` and `blob_type="AppendBlob"` append to the blob if it 
  exists and it is an `AppendBlob`, and create it otherwise. 
- `overwrite=True` overwrites the blob, even if it exists. The `blob_type` must
  match that of the target blob.
```
